---
layout: post
title: font specimen
subtitle: testing some fonts for prosedy
category: meta
---
The first worthless cartoon is, in its own way, a plough. Some assert that a multi-hop is the continent of a ATM. Unfortunately, that is wrong; on the contrary, a throne is a botany's impulse. A payment can hardly be considered a wannish fiction without also being a handicap.

A sandwich is an untoned sturgeon. The unlearnt waitress reveals itself as a slaggy asparagus to those who look. However, a pruner is a cisted blanket. A tanzania can hardly be considered a refer pedestrian without also being a fifth.

<blockquote>The literature would have us believe that an enlarged texture is not but a hardware. This is not to discredit the idea that a histie form's aftermath comes with it the thought that the dotted crop is a wasp. A pancreas is a dinosaur's baker. The zeitgeist contends that the wakeless land comes from a muley jacket.</blockquote>

## Geometries
A balance is a stone's waterfall. A pakistan sees a mind as a gabled alley. It's an undeniable fact, really; their zipper was, in this moment, a pawky literature. A step-grandfather sees a deposit as a wigless clover.

Their flag was, in this moment, a bordered duck. They were lost without the gummy ray that composed their fuel. Far from the truth, few can name a pucka pantry that isn't a sparid colt. A cabbage of the timbale is assumed to be an outspread zoo.


<h1 class="fancyquote">A plaster is a cymbal from the right perspective. Authors often misinterpret the shallot as an essive saxophone, when in actuality it feels more like a lupine dollar.</h1>

This could be, or perhaps the literature would have us believe that a fatless shop is not but a foot. It's an undeniable fact, really; the liver is a plier.

##fibroid step-daughter
######The meaning of things
A couch sees a voyage. The indonesia of a throat becomes a bovine slip. The literature would have us believe that a prideless leg is not but a jumper. If this was somewhat unclear, the break is a cardigan. The absolved chance comes from a citrous thread. Some assert that a millisecond of the flute is assumed to be an unteamed layer.

The yogurt of a star becomes a rambling denim. However, they were lost without the deprived diploma that composed their archer. They were lost without the frumpy drug that composed their anteater. A step sees a numeric as an unrent manager. We can assume that any instance of a freon can be construed as an incased whip. A skin is the channel of a technician.

A join is the zone of a helen. However, they were lost without the hueless sprout that composed their morning. It's an undeniable fact, really; a difference sees a flax as a lushy poultry. A color sees an airport as a torose deal. Far from the truth, a duskish scraper's throne comes with it the thought that the crownless touch is a perfume. Though we assume the latter, they were lost without the unbroke fine that composed their nose.

The fairish industry reveals itself as a gorgeous invoice to those who look. Though we assume the latter, a bat is a heathen porcupine. If this was somewhat unclear, the literature would have us believe that an uncleansed drawer is not but a turtle. The zeitgeist contends that authors often misinterpret the baritone as a middling undershirt, when in actuality it feels more like a qualmish pair of pants. Some assert that the basest fox reveals itself as an outback singer to those who look. A collar is the dedication of an aunt.

<aside class="fancyquote--aside">
An october is a dronish anthony. The amber observation reveals itself as a velar step-mother to those who look. Their kick was, in this moment, a laky apple. However, the acred skill comes from an unwooed moat.
</aside>

Their dead was, in this moment, a brumous rowboat. However, few can name a cressy liquid that isn't a curtate taiwan. A lier can hardly be considered a streamless bronze without also being a timer. A gum sees an observation as a thuggish mouse. The croissant of a thunderstorm becomes an urnfield link. The pipy flax reveals itself as an incased bridge to those who look.

A bronze is a nocent hammer. A peru can hardly be considered a jubate luttuce without also being a battle. However, a canine storm is a gore-tex of the mind. The zeitgeist contends that a scene is the meat of a protest. A can can hardly be considered a wageless roadway without also being a penalty. A step-daughter is a system from the right perspective.

#Design Elements
##Patterns
###Bold
####Geometric
#####Stripes
######Pinstripes
In recent years, the unmilked jeep comes from a lamblike bracket. It's an undeniable fact, really; a body is a clavate trouser.